I'm being very welcoming to your American people tomorrow around 6 o'clock
a meeting with the traffic is a meeting reserved only for us and the respective
translators then one open to the public and has a short speech ours is and
I really feel very happy to be here in the United States a country that I
always admired I have said the fifth meeting now to
little right is Brazil is in the last decades elected people who did not have much
be careful with the public thing to be educated, you know those people who once
President Lula thought everything paid for everything and corruption was the issue here and
also people who respect the united states
me more than us perceptive profound admiration for this state here
so much that as there are people who walk I came here for democracies as there are people
wanting to see the government say come on but in a legal way make it very clear leave way
illegal in the valley and dictatorships and see when they want to leave the country and the group
dictator does not leave the case of venezuela the people want to come out well when cafes in the
border there lets no one out it is impressive that the staff left
that defends Venezuela so much does not say that the border is open to
sympathizers of the pc of the pc of the psol b if you want will live in venezuela already
who like this regime but what matters here in the united states in
exceptional acceptance was born we were treated very well in my
surprise when I arrived in Syria aleppo side so a wall named maman who
it was written there in English obviously neither john 8 32 and you will know the truth and
truth will set you free I was very surprised by that there I
I was inspired by the bible our campaign game and not obviously it was
get a medal for signing up and going around here about john 8 32
there we had contact with the presidency as well as employees the most
varied at the top, right?
their concern with laundering money with terrorism with venezuela with the
issue of the political shell and he is interested and we also because it changed the
ideology we don’t have any more partners right it’s filtered to ideological things don’t have
more life wanting to partner with the whole world
expand our business as far as possible excess market are open
we have here attack on tereza cristina beer sheva culture
very concerned about an agreement being signed between brazil and china today
approximately in the next few years it can obviously reach 20 million
tons of soybeans in the united states to china and this will have a reflection
of the 12 15% I don’t know in our soy exports if that
trade here if it becomes a reality we have the meat collection here too
they want to export ethanol to us we have a 25% tax even paper
boy obviously the fee was the complement to the Brazilian its united
the 2% american rate to enter the brazilian is 25 most skeptical são paulo
ensures that the discussion goes is logically we have the northeast there that
would affect the northeastern market a lot but look at the big problem in Brazil
it is in these 25 14% are extortionate taxes charged in brazil and veplan
complain about me right look the states have the power to put
embu charge fuel icms on average in brazil this same reason in 30% the
municipalities also have a mechanism to charge more varied taxes and produce a
great tornado brazil we talk about making a tax reform so that the
difficulty that one has 28 years of the chamber I always saw this discussion when it arrives
us finally or when the state union and municipality will lose the benches
represent these sectors is opposed and nothing is approved this is another
serious problem that will go beyond social security
we know that pension reform is tough and you know that
i would not like to do it but if i do it here antónio frazão breaks brazil
the one who receives nothing logically to the congress is not the one who has the authority
have the freedom to do this to make some adjustments and hope that there is no
readjust right but the congress has this power to do
some readjustment on one more thing is very clear on if Brazil does not make a
pension reform in a robust way we will break the example is there look at the
what happened in portugal and greece belief also reaches a point that the
government to pass a ruler from now on and half to everyone will not
receive if you don't win will be cut nothing has arrived yet
the problem is that we are facing the pension reform
would like not to do will defend something else from a problem in the proposed
military reform can only be sure
that's the proposal is going to be fair the military commanders personally the
defense is I talked to him at length yesterday after that in the first
negative impression of that proposal that I didn't know about yet
signal her mind is not done yet the big problem of the figure of the
Sergeant Major would even like you to speak up
about issues manifesting that comes to me is that the figure of the
good sergeant is another graduation there between the 1st sergeant the lieutenant the
sub-official did not fall well that ask for some advantages in the matter of the promotion
that uniform help that weighs but it’s not really that good and we’re
accompanying we obviously want to do the best right
taking into account justice and only that these will also be increased by 5
years contributing to the time spent in the military gradually
for transfer to reserve i would like that to happen too but it is a
reality and we're going to have to do that now what we want is I surrender
defense as a great force the rest was military that are with me
we never thought of privileging one side over the other and the union
of officers and forces squads but as a whole and this will be maintained our
government that who obviously have this as
very important for the maintenance of democracy guaranteeing our freedom is
because there can't really be possible privileges that we don't
intention in that proposal is going to be perfected is something with all the
the defense continues to work so that this proposal reaches the chamber in the
wednesday i will arrive on wednesday and dawn and brasília we will have access to
proposal now in a polite way after reading the proposals that everyone in the
military area of ​​the armed forces it is easy to come to our knowledge of your
immediate superior that he follow chain of command he thinks he can win the
that he thinks can be changed because I'm sure there will be
sensitivity on the part of the defense ministry to correct is possible
misconceptions that can happen we are human beings can happen there is no
trophy doubt ask the question will you go tomorrow after the white house will not
only goes to an arlington cemetery will deposit a wreath at the grave
of the unknown soldier you can make a
I'm not even going to talk about a comparison, but talk a little about how it is
treatment of the military here the police forces respect for authority
American here in your books simply
you are proud of the american people on the streets the most american because the
treatment given to the military here does not even compare with other countries and even
in relation to brazil know that the military brazil any research of
helipe fipe first second marcia her place as institutions her beloved
best rated aeronautical navy army right
we have the respect of a large part of the Brazilian population
it fills us with pride because I'm still the captain of the army
Brazilian now demonstration here exactly one
country here has been at war almost always at war is not fighting
participating in the peacekeeping force to your loved ones has to really be preserved
in the world that we lived in a world that we don’t know but there are countries that have the potential to
destroy the world there sometimes so here the armed forces are
respected and we have spent over 30 years of fhc government actually with the
your loved ones being mistreated in the collection of material in the salary correction if talk
in pension reform we have a provisional measure and originally 2131
since December 29, 2000 turning 19 now turns nine without being
voted yet we will resolve this issue now it have been withdrawn
people claim the right went to all of them military, not even in court
we could we could get in because the heart came to justice judgment
visa spoke look is a provisional measure can not decide if mandela
and the judgment and dispatch is that way now I usually say when you complain about
military is such a privilege career that I don't know son of
deputy and senator who joined the black needle academy with this
weapons or pensions agenda and guaratinguetá
I was unaware until then, people criticize a lot, they are not all right
the ball had quite advanced tool
we have worked with the eastern military command
the southeast comes as we consume defense has already taken a big step in building the
military school node in the mars field in são paulo and also the defense already makes
studies so that each state capital that perhaps does not have a college
military whatever it is then a military college is created in these capitals of
state that we want with this, of course, the enrollment is voluntary
and obliged to put his son in the military school, he follows a suitcase, right?
discipline where it is really present is even the most imitation
is later in colleges militarized by the military police
is where for example it is very big in the state of goiás and amazonas now have in
ale at the end is given the double arriving in January also a militarized school
blica x is mayor washington even i want to thank you here because it is
how was his work together with my son as a state deputy
flávio bolsonaro and put the name of the school there to see if it is the general of the employee
father passed away 95 thank you for the mayor's face and painted
on the wall and I asked him that I went to the inauguration put João 8 32 there and
you will know the truth and the truth will set you free that we have to enjoy
now in the minds of the kids it is true the love of the homeland is to say that it will only be
happy in the front in the economic part if you care if you study now don't be
waiting for the data to take into account touch me ahhh here unbelievable we had
there it is with dinner time ring almost at the time of the domain of citizenship ours is
what happens is he did a survey is of 3 thousand families who receive a scholarship
family three thousand families of Bolsa Família guard crowded from 0 to 3 years and
these kids were followed for some time
it was concluded that the intellectual development of this
kids from 0 to 3 years old son of family scholarship
their development is equivalent to one third of the world average is a minutiae in
land so it's only a third of the world average
it really gets difficult and even with good schools you can make this
kids that get it wrong back there and have the ability to make 11 a good
school a good university being a good professional up front
are the problems that we have out there we start to change is not easy right
the ministry of education is largely responsible for these for that matter
now the rigging is present in all
almost almost all institutions in brazil do not know what goes on in the heads of
people think that communism socialism is able to work
as I said just a short time ago, you see, in Venezuela, socialism failed
there it worked so well is that I'm passing
hungry eating rat getting barbecue dog has more to eat
the people who defend animals, right? I also defend there, there are no dogs or
cat eating more everything because it is applied socialism was very well
implemented by chavez and the player pure beauty of the ballad dined and west of
commerce chat with entrepreneurial pressure our word sheet
são paulo determined to the sheet thanks for the matter here the product that
I bought ok is that when they get into the flavors try to get something on the street
look that article I found was shopping people I disappeared
what I'm going to do is mess it up I'm just going to confirm now that the ambassador was
stolen need to do joseph are doing fake news
but the advertisement outside the chance was 1 it was the vignette that el sol
disappears at the company I worked for a gold steakhouse I went shopping
I'm going for a walk on the spot invited me to cry it hurts right with saulo at
unless I turn off the team that hit, I'm just going to say goodbye to you here as
Ouch